.\" Manpage for speciesgn.
.TH "SPECIESGEN" "1" "July 2022" "speciesgen v5\&.0\&.0" "User Commands"
.SH "NAME"
speciesgen \- a mod generator for Starbound
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
speciesgen <\fISUBCOMMAND\fR>
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
speciesgen is a mod generator for Starbound to add support for modded species in the Big Fatties mod.
.SH "SUBCOMMANDS"
build
    Generate a mod.

export
    Export various default configurations from the application.

help
    Print this message or the help of the given subcommands.
.SH "OPTIONS"
\-h, \-\-help
    Print help information.

\-V, \-\-version
    Print version information.
.SH OPTIONS (BUILD)
\-h, \-\-help
    Print help information.

\-s, \-\-species \fINAME\fR
    Set the name of the species.

\-\-friendly\-species \fINAME\fR
    Set the friendly name of the species.

\-\-author \fINAME\fR
    Set the name of the author in the metadata. (default: $USER)

\-o, \-\-output \fIPATH\fR
    Set the output directory. (default: <SPECIES>support)

\-c, \-\-config \fIPATH\fR
    Import a JSON file containing weightstages, otherwise the application will assume the default weightstages.
.SH OPTIONS (EXPORT)
\-h, \-\-help
    Print help information.

\-c, \-\-config \fIPATH\fR
    Export the default config.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.sp
.RS 4
.ie n \{\
\h'-04'\(bu\h'+03'\c
.\}
.el \{\
.sp -1
.IP \(bu 2.3
.\}
Generate a mod for human in a folder called "mod":
.sp
.if n \{\
.RS 4
.\}
.nf
$ speciesgen build \-\-species human \-\-friendly\-species Human \-\-output mod
.fi
.if n \{\
.RE
.\}
.RE
.sp
.RS 4
.ie n \{\
\h'-04'\(bu\h'+03'\c
.\}
.el \{\
.sp -1
.IP \(bu 2.3
.\}
Export the default configuration in a file called "config.json":
.sp
.if n \{\
.RS 4
.\}
.nf
$ speciesgen export \-\-config config.json
.fi
.if n \{\
.RE
.\}
.RE
.SH "BUGS"
No known bugs.
.SH "RESOURCES"
Homepage: https://github.com/skylar779/speciesgen
.SH "AUTHOR"
skylar779
